Added `bump-versions` to the readme (#1176)
nf-core/tools: README.md

╰──────────────────────╯
```

### Bump bioconda and container versions of modules in

If you are contributing to the `nf-core/modules` repository and want to bump bioconda and container versions of certain modules, you can use the `nf-core modules bump-versions` helper tool. This will bump the bioconda version of a single or all modules to the latest version and also fetch the correct Docker and Singularity container tags.

```console
$ nf-core modules bump-versions -d modules 

                                          ,--./,-.
          ___     __   __   __   ___     /,-._.--~\
    |\ | |__  __ /  ` /  \ |__) |__         }  {
    | \| |       \__, \__/ |  \ |___     \`-._,-`-,
                                          `._,._,'

>     nf-core/tools version 1.15.dev0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    nf-core/tools version 2.0.dev0
```
Not sure if this is the correct thing to do ...

Author: Yup that works, could actually even remove the dev tag here

? Bump versions for all modules or a single named module?  Named module
? Tool name: bcftools/consensus
╭───────────────────────────╮
│ [!] 1  Module updated     │
╰───────────────────────────╯
╭─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│ Module name               │ Update message                  │     
├───────────────────────────┤─────────────────────────────────┤
│ bcftools/consensus        │ Module updated:  1.11 --> 1.12  │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
```

> If you don't want to update certain modules or want to update them to specific versions, you can make use of the `.nf-core.yml` configuration file. For example, you can precent the `star/align` module from being update by adding the following to the `.nf-core.yml` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't want to update certain modules or want to update them to specific versions, you can make use of the `.nf-core.yml` configuration file. For example, you can prevent the `star/align` module from being updated by adding the following to the `.nf-core.yml` file:
```
